BIZM701 :  To enable students to develop an understanding of the common principles of business practice whilst focussing on the theoretical and practical concepts of accounting, economics, marketing and management in order to understand the business context within which Information Technology solutions are developed.  
COMP501 :   To  introduce the student to computer hardware and software, as well as operating systems, networking concepts, mobile devices, IT security, and troubleshooting 
COMP502 :   To enable students to apply the principles of software development to create simple working applications and use problem-solving and decision-making techniques to provide innovative and timely Information Technology outcomes.  
COMP503 :  To enable students to apply a broad operational knowledge of networking, and associated services and technologies to meet typical organisational requirements.  
COMP504 :   To enable students to select, install, and configure IT hardware and systems software and  use graphical (GUI) and command line interfaces (CLI) to meet organisational requirements.    
COMP601 :   To enable students to  gain the skills to develop software applications using Object Oriented Programming techniques.  Students will enrich their programming and problem solving skills by applying classes, objects, constructors, methods and properties, inheritance and polymorphism to develop programming applications. 
COMP602 :  This module provides an introduction to website design and development, and will enable students to gain the knowledge and skills required to plan, design and develop professional web sites.  
COMP604 :   To enable students to apply a broad operational knowledge of networking, and associated services and technologies to meet typical organisational requirements.   
COMP605 :   To enable students to apply programming and analytical skills to implement and analyze common data structures for computer programs. Students will cover a wide range of computer programming algorithms.  
COMP616 :  To enable students to understand and apply theories and principles of front-end web development. Learners will investigate applications in front-end web technologies. The core focus will be on the knowledge and skills required to implementing current front-end web technologies and practices.   
COMP701 :  To enable students to investigate and configure advanced system administration tools, advanced network virtualisation and wireless networking technologies. Students will also research emerging networking technologies.   
COMP702 :  To enable students to gain an understanding of the architecture, components, security, troubleshooting and operation of large-scale networks.  
COMP703 :  To enable students to develop a networking solution from a set of requirements documents. This module is the Network Engineering Capstone Project. 
COMP704 :  To enable students to gain core security knowledge and skills needed for installation, troubleshooting, and monitoring of networks to maintain the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of data and devices. 
COMP705 :  To enable students to gain an understanding of Wide Area Network (WAN) technologies and network services required by converged applications in a complex network.  
COMP706 :  To enable students to understand supporting theories and principles of game design and apply these to the art and science of game design, development and programming. 
COMP707 :   To enable students to gain comprehensive knowledge of software testing methodologies and software testing tools used in industry and apply fundamental aspects of software testing incorporating system requirements, quality assurance, testing processes, automation, testing types and testing levels. This forms the third part of the Software Engineering Capstone Project. 
COMP708 :   To enable students to gain advanced software development skills to be able to provide an in depth analysis of prototyping, performance, correctness, software reusability, scalability, quality and maintenance and versioning. This module is the Software Engineering capstone project. 
COMP709 :  To enable students to design, develop and implement mobile applications on a given platform.  
COMP710 :  To enable students to apply practical knowledge of Model View Controller (MVC) frameworks to plan, design and implement web applications.  The core focus will be on architecture design and implementation of a web application that will meet a set of functional requirements and user interface requirements, and address business models. 
COMP711 :    On completion of this course students will be able to build a complete web application following the entire web development process from end to end, using contemporary software development architecture and frameworks.  Students will be capable of operating within applicable professional standards and practice, both independently and collaboratively as part of a team  
INFO501 :  To enable students to apply professional, legal, and ethical principles and practices in a socially responsible manner as an emerging IT professional, and apply communication, personal and interpersonal skills to enhance effectiveness in an IT role. 
INFO502 :  The student will be able to apply the fundamentals of information systems concepts and practice to support and enhance organisational processes and systems; and apply the fundamentals of interaction design concepts and practice to enhance interface design. 
INFO503 :  To enable students to apply a broad operational knowledge of database administration to meet typical organisational data storage and retrieval requirements, and apply conceptual knowledge of cloud services and virtualisation. 
INFO504 :  To enable students to demonstrate an operational knowledge and understanding of IT service management, identify common issues related to IT security, and troubleshoot and resolve a range of common system problems. 
INFO601 :  To enable students to apply an indepth understanding of database modelling, database design and SQL concepts. 
INFO602 :  To enable students to develop an understanding of the principles and processes involved in effective interpersonal communication and technical writing used in managing client relationships. 
INFO603 :  To enable students to gain the skills and knowledge required to effectively install, configure, troubleshoot and administer a Microsoft Windows Server. 
INFO604 :  To enable students to understand and discuss database systems, concepts, modelling, design and administration, and to  apply theoretical and practical administrative tasks in a database administrator’s role.   
INFO701 :  To enable students to understand and apply the theory of project management with particular emphasis on Information Technology projects.  
INFO702 :  To enable students to investigate computer system attacks and vulnerabilities in relation to operating systems (OS), applications, networking and websites, and  investigate the security techniques for protecting a computer system from such attacks. 
INFO703 :   To enable students to gain the practical knowledge and skills required to store, manage and analyse large amounts of data, using appropriate algorithms. 
INFO704 :   To enable students to examine the main components of data warehousing and apply it to business intelligence applications, enabling them to  provide solutions which incorporate extracting data from different sources, storing data in a data warehouse and developing applications for business decision-making. 
INFO705 :  To enable students to further develop their knowledge of Database Architecture by analysing, designing and implementing a database solution.  Alternative and new approaches to database systems will be explored and evaluated by using practical-based solutions. This module is the Database Architecture Capstone Project.    
INFO706 :  To enable students to understand and apply front-end applications and their interfaces with supporting databases. 
INFO707 :  To enable students to gain an in-depth knowledge of cloud server database concepts, fundamentals and essentials.  They will apply practical skills to install, setup, configure, manage and maintain cloud server databases and deploy cloud database services to support database applications. 
INFO708 :   To enable students to study and apply visual techniques that transform data into a format efficient for human perception, cognition, and communication, thus allowing for extraction of meaningful information and insight.   Students will investigate data visualisation techniques, human visual systems and cognitive perception, and design, construct, and evaluate data visualisations 
MATH602 :   To enable students to obtain the mathematical skills to facilitate an in-depth understanding of advanced programming techniques. Students will be able to solve problems in recurrence functions, asymptotic functions, algorithmic puzzles, combinatorics and graph theory and advanced topics in probability and statistics. 
COMP713 :  To enable students to further develop their knowledge of Web Applications by analysing, designing and implementing a web solution.  This module is the Web Application Capstone Project.  
INFO712 :  To enable students to further develop their knowledge of Database Architecture by analysing, designing and implementing a database solution.  This module is the Database Architecture Capstone Project.    
DFNZ701 :  This module s to develop students who can use problem solving skills and human centred design to solve real world problems.  It s to cultivate inquiring, self-aware practitioners who can apply problem solving to a variety of situations and develop the necessary future focused skills that will prepare them for professional contexts  Students will experience facilitated learning in interdisciplinary teams in a dedicated holistic learning space.  Working in interdisciplinary teams, students will co-create a solution with an Industry Partner and solve a complex real world problem.   Students will be selected for this module by an interview process that looks at the student’s suitability for interdisciplinary study  
